README.md, before:

<img src="https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png" style="margin: 0;">
<img src="/static/assets/images/cookeylogo.png" alt="cookeylogo">

# Cookeys

The purpose of this web application is to allow sharing of cookie recipes.
The website is deployed to url = https://cookeys2.herokuapp.com/.

The site has been recreated in order to fill the following demonstration:

- Creation of a MongoDB backed Flask web application project that allows users to store and manipulate data records
- Design of well suited database structure including nested relationships between records of different entities
- Creation of CRUD functionality
- Use of HTML and custom CSS for front end
- Incorporation of main navigation menu and structured layout
- Creation of valuable README.md
- Git & Github version control
- Clear separation of code written from code of external sources
- Deployment to Heroku environment
- No inclusion of passwords or secret keys in the project repository

# Known issues:
- [ ] Recipes next button not disable when current page equal number of pages
- [ ] Recipes next button incorrectly routes
- [ ] Recipes previous button incorrectly routes
- [ ] All unittest do not run
# Nice to have:
- [ ] Upgrade unittest to use HTMLTestRunner

## Credits
- [Anyar Bootstrap Theme](https://bootstrapmade.com/demo/Anyar/)

### Content

The text for the site was copied from

- 3 ingredient sugar cookies, https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a45306/3-ingredient-sugar-cookies/
- 5 ingredient easy chocalate chip cookies, https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244642/5-ingredient-easy-chocolate-chip-cookies/
- 3 ingredient peanut butter cookies, https://www.biggerbolderbaking.com/3-ingredient-peanut-butter-cookies/
- Chocolate kiss powder puff cookies, https://www.averiecooks.com/chocolate-kiss-powder-puff-cookies/
- Types of Cookies, https://www.thenibble.com/reviews/main/cookies/cookies2/cookie-history3.asp

Commit message:

Add categories html and  sidebar in cookie recipe view

README.md, after:

<img src="https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png" style="margin: 0;">
<img src="/static/assets/images/cookeylogo.png" alt="cookeylogo">

# Cookeys

The purpose of this web application is to allow sharing of cookie recipes.
The website is deployed to url = https://cookeys2.herokuapp.com/.

The site has been recreated in order to fill the following demonstration:

- Creation of a MongoDB backed Flask web application project that allows users to store and manipulate data records
- Design of well suited database structure including nested relationships between records of different entities
- Creation of CRUD functionality
- Use of HTML and custom CSS for front end
- Incorporation of main navigation menu and structured layout
- Creation of valuable README.md
- Git & Github version control
- Clear separation of code written from code of external sources
- Deployment to Heroku environment
- No inclusion of passwords or secret keys in the project repository

# Known issues:
- [ ] Recipes next button not disable when current page equal number of pages
- [ ] Recipes next button incorrectly routes
- [ ] Recipes previous button incorrectly routes
- [ ] All unittest do not run
- [ ] Recipes of categories not displayed from link in cookie sidebar
# Nice to have:
- [ ] Upgrade unittest to use HTMLTestRunner

## Credits
- [Anyar Bootstrap Theme](https://bootstrapmade.com/demo/Anyar/)

### Content

The text for the site was copied from

- 3 ingredient sugar cookies, https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a45306/3-ingredient-sugar-cookies/
- 5 ingredient easy chocalate chip cookies, https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244642/5-ingredient-easy-chocolate-chip-cookies/
- 3 ingredient peanut butter cookies, https://www.biggerbolderbaking.com/3-ingredient-peanut-butter-cookies/
- Chocolate kiss powder puff cookies, https://www.averiecooks.com/chocolate-kiss-powder-puff-cookies/
- Types of Cookies, https://www.thenibble.com/reviews/main/cookies/cookies2/cookie-history3.asp
